craft changelog with list of changes (#546)
giantswarm/silence-operator: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- Add CiliumNetworkPolicy support.

### Changed

> - Migrate from Giant Swarm deprecated ``operatorkit` framework to `kube-builder`. This change introduces a few breaking changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Migrate from Giant Swarm deprecated `operatorkit` framework to `kube-builder`. This change introduces a few **breaking changes**:
```

  - Operator configuration has been moved from a configmap to command-line arguments. **This does not affect helm chart users**
  - The operator needs new rbac capabilities to be able manage `leases` and to create `events`
  - http port has been changed from 8000 to 8080.

>   - Finalizers sets on silences has been changed from `operatorkit.giantswarm.io/silence-operator-silence-controller` to `monitoring.giantswarm.io/silence-protection`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Finalizers set on silences have been changed from `operatorkit.giantswarm.io/silence-operator-silence-controller` to `monitoring.giantswarm.io/silence-protection`
```

> - **helm** `.registry.domain` has been renamed to `image.registry`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **helm** `.registry.domain` has been renamed to `image.registry` (**breaking change**)
```

> - **helm** deprecated PodSecurityPolicy has been removed

Reviewer: That's a breaking change on old clusters as well I guess?
```suggestion
- **helm** deprecated PodSecurityPolicy has been removed (**breaking change** with kubernetes < 1.25)
```

- Use `app-build-suite` to build the operator.
- Changed container image from alpine to a non-root distroless image.

### Fixed

- Fixed the linting errors from golangci-lint v2.

### Removed

> - Remove the unnecessary sync job to rely on GitOps. This means that you should now use your favorite GitOps tool (flux, ArgoCD) to deploy silences on your clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove the unnecessary sync job to rely on GitOps. **Breaking change**: this means that you should now use your favorite GitOps tool (flux, ArgoCD) to deploy silences on your clusters.
```
